Estimation: This will probably take me around 45 minutes. First, I will have to review the code; especially the part that deals with the window because I have not worked with it. Then, I will simply code two "command object" classes, which will be done in no time at all. Then, after updating the properties file, the code should work.

Total change of **4-5 (+8 including properties)  files**. This is 2 command objects, (assumption of 1) properties file, one one or two classes of the view depending on how we may access the view's properties, and the turtle file (change how it moves). If we want the command to work in all languages, all of the properties files must also be changed.

There may have to be a change in how the view works; we have a window behavior, but that is not implemented correctly, so I may have to change a third file if I want to make this correct.

Review: Tooke me a little more than an hour- I forgot that we did not do anything with the windowsize, thus, implementing things that had to do with the window size in the view took some time. I did not get it completely right the first time- I had forgot some invariants that had to be held for our reflection to work (we should have designed the main superclass (SyntaxNode) better in order to always keep this invariant. Furthermore, I did not account for the "centered" window correctly i.e. I treated it as if 0 were the leftedge and width was the right edge, when 0 is the middle.

Analysis: The view is a bit buggy, as I remembered; however, adding a command was as easy as I expected it to be- after all, the code was designed around making commands easy to add. However, the fact that we have to change all the properties files is disturbing- it would be nice if the parser would look back at the English properties if it did not find a match in the current language's properties. Furthermore, the view's code can be more clearly organized and documented- currently, it is quite difficult to work with. It may be difficult to code this if we were not familiar with the code at all because we would not remember to change the properties file. Furthermore, the general framework of how the program works is not outlined so we may have had trouble finding where to start in the first place.
